Yes
It is today
I would like to talk about the training method of the back that Ryoma Sakamoto was doing
I will
I left him as the head of the fitness consultant
First of all-
I will inform you of the present
At the end of this video you will find a present for you
About training Sakamoto Ryoma's back
Please download please You know everyone's because I've summarized in the report
Yes
Well Ryoma Sakamoto Kanen
1864 Application temple first year ne
I was in my head
He
Own sound branch
I like that I called Kaishu Katsu I Kaishu Katsu naval Misaonerisho made
Imaichi to the inn Tade'
Where are you going to do? At that time in Japan, Black ships came
Foreign countries are forced to open the country
And that
I'm not blamed, I wonder if I'm going to become a foreign colony.
It was a time of exposure but
It and its ne foreign I in order to protect Japan
I or skein I Soni And it home when they become the battlefield for the
I Toka civilian surgery the voyage surgery after each method, and the like
A school where you have aspirations to learn
That was made by Katsu Kaiyu so there Sakamoto Ryoma is there
I was looking forward to it
Learn such things in
They guess of the body in addition to
Training was also carried out
Buddha is also door muscle training that Ryoma we had done
This ne-
Kedomo have been told to Fu say minute was doing actually I
This use certain root it yesterday
Look at you and the sound of the gag light tower sleep the oar
In the meantime
I'm can you over there I to the pulley I Te
In that pulley, you'll see
Packed in a dirt bag 7 or
I I it that packed the stone
I love you with my string and I 'm in love and through that pulley
In in that we are all high-unexplored region filtrate it around to the opposite side
Well Gen Tanaka
Rat machines usually or hypo
This train the training strategy of the back or that I was off to such a play
Because I would have to go with my bare hands, I was also doing training such as grip evaluation evaluation
It is often said that the muscles in the back will wait
Ah
That kind of martial arts or that kind of thing that punch power or something like that
It is said that the muscles of the back are very important in order to exert the power of the moment
So they have a good song and a good song
For combat in order to manipulate freely this
I was working hard on training for reinforcements
Neko Nee Ryoma's back training
In fact , it is in Ryoma-den of nhk Takawa drama
It is one scene
Probably in fact they are luck way Kedomo is Well drama
It seems that you want to teach training , so that kind of hey rich
I even without a barbell and money machine such,
Such or as I Toka wood stone
Use something like that
They want to use something
Beneath try the Indri
I wonder if you'll do that together are the benefits it to train roots back in
One eyes There are three broadly divided into
At first it is a matter of internal pressure
I will prevent the back of the cat and the posture will be very good
The second
You can create an inverted triangle sounding rate and it looks cool
Even if you are wearing that dress with the back of the inverted triangle in the large back
Wearing
Very echo
Shuetto is cool amazing eyes that line have seen is I emphasized the body
And although three Ekore is we're the biggest
It will be the prevention of back pain This is
It is said that the cause of low back pain
It is said that it originates from the imbalance of muscle strength of the abs and muscles
It is proud of people who become middle aged people and so on
People who are very concerned at the enemy area will do their best to restore
that
Abdominal muscles are expected and muscle imbalance is expected if you do not expect reinforcements, which is the cause of back pain
Do
So say to be the prevention of Melling back pain this soak exhaust rice is very large
That's
Those of salaried workers are quite busy I do not go to scrub those who do not go their own
What kind of person like that would be good
It is recommended to take a roll-up exercise using the table at the table
Well, how is it actually? If you ask for the diagonal suspension of the guy at the table, that
I think whether I have done elementary school or junior high school age or experience
But
In the manner of diagonal suspension
That slow training
I am able to make a deep tail and I will go through my back very much
that
If you say that your muscle strength is a bit weak, that
There is a sufficient effect can it be asked to do while with the ass sleeping now on the floor
Selfish say made that far in the video actually Hey Here Yes
I thought
First of all, I will put it in that table .
Dive in and grab the end of the table
And that
In the park there's an iron dog that 's a licking dog, just like you do it
Bending slowly I 10 Byokuri and slowly elbow body
Pull towards the cable
And
As soon as you pull it close, slowly extend the elbow over 10 seconds
Do not stretch the elbow completely and stop its pulling motion in front of it and move it up to the next over the food
To
Have
I about Well 3 times because it is this or Nari it tight event um
At first I think it would be nice if I could do it
People who say it's too light put on that clothes already
Ummm
It is okay if you try to protect something or go
Yes
That's the first to inform you
It also Toka this Sakamoto ne back of the training of Ryoma that photos that free gift
Put that commentary and put that
How do I that everyone free, please download that because I summarized in the report
So download it and that
Please use
Yes
Today is over today Thank you very much for watching until the end